Quotes about change:
1: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”

Quotes about deep-thoughts:
1: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”

Quotes about thinking:
1: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”
2: “The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.”

Quotes about world:
1: “The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”

Quotes about abilities:
1: “It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”

Quotes about choices:
1: “It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.”

Quotes about inspirational:
1: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
2: “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”
3: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”
4: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
5: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
6: “To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”
7: “It is never too late to be what you might have been.”
8: “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
9: “Only in the darkness can you see the stars.”
10: “When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”
11: “Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
12: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”
13: “A person's a person, no matter how small.”

Quotes about life:
1: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”
2: “It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
3: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
4: “I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”
5: “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
6: “Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”
7: “Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”
8: “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”
9: “Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”
10: “Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”
11: “The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.”
12: “I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.”
13: “But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.”

Quotes about live:
1: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”

Quotes about miracle:
1: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”

Quotes about miracles:
1: “There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.”

Quotes about aliteracy:
1: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”

Quotes about books:
1: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
2: “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
3: “I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.”
4: “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
5: “If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.”
6: “There is no friend as loyal as a book.”
7: “What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”
8: “′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.”
9: “I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.”
10: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”
11: “... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.”

Quotes about classic:
1: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
2: “′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.”

Quotes about humor:
1: “The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.”
2: “A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”
3: “Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.”
4: “Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and it may be necessary from time to time to give a stupid or misinformed beholder a black eye.”
5: “All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.”
6: “Remember, we're madly in love, so it's all right to kiss me anytime you feel like it.”
7: “Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.”
8: “The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.”
9: “Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!”
10: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”
11: “I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. ”
12: “A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.”

Quotes about be-yourself:
1: “Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.”

Quotes about adulthood:
1: “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”

Quotes about success:
1: “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”

Quotes about value:
1: “Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.”

Quotes about love:
1: “It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.”
2: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
3: “You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters? She's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there.”
4: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
5: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”
6: “I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.”
7: “If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.”
8: “The real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing your forehead or smiling into your eyes or just staring into space.”
9: “Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.”
10: “There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.”
11: “To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything and your heart will be wrung and possibly broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact you must give it to no one, not even an animal. Wrap it carefully round with hobbies and little luxuries; avoid all entanglements. Lock it up safe in the casket or coffin of your selfishness. But in that casket, safe, dark, motionless, airless, it will change. It will not be broken; it will become unbreakable, impenetrable, irredeemable. To love is to be vulnerable.”
12: “If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.”
13: “A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.”
14: “To die will be an awfully big adventure.”

Quotes about edison:
1: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”

Quotes about failure:
1: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”

Quotes about paraphrased:
1: “I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.”
2: “Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.”

Quotes about misattributed-eleanor-roosevelt:
1: “A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.”

Quotes about obvious:
1: “A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”

Quotes about simile:
1: “A day without sunshine is like, you know, night.”
2: “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.”
3: “He's like a drug for you, Bella.”

Quotes about friends:
1: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
2: “It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”
3: “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
4: “There is no friend as loyal as a book.”

Quotes about heartbreak:
1: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”

Quotes about sisters:
1: “This life is what you make it. No matter what, you're going to mess up sometimes, it's a universal truth. But the good part is you get to decide how you're going to mess it up. Girls will be your friends - they'll act like it anyway. But just remember, some come, some go. The ones that stay with you through everything - they're your true best friends. Don't let go of them. Also remember, sisters make the best friends in the world. As for lovers, well, they'll come and go too. And baby, I hate to say it, most of them - actually pretty much all of them are going to break your heart, but you can't give up because if you give up, you'll never find your soulmate. You'll never find that half who makes you whole and that goes for everything. Just because you fail once, doesn't mean you're gonna fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always, always, always believe in yourself, because if you don't, then who will, sweetie? So keep your head high, keep your chin up, and most importantly, keep smiling, because life's a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”

Quotes about courage:
1: “It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.”
2: “It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.”

Quotes about simplicity:
1: “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.”

Quotes about understand:
1: “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.”

Quotes about fantasy:
1: “I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.”

Quotes about navigation:
1: “I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.”

Quotes about activism:
1: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”

Quotes about apathy:
1: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”

Quotes about hate:
1: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”

Quotes about indifference:
1: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”

Quotes about opposite:
1: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”

Quotes about philosophy:
1: “The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.”
2: “Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!”

Quotes about friendship:
1: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”
2: “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”
3: “The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.”
4: “There is nothing I would not do for those who are really my friends. I have no notion of loving people by halves, it is not my nature.”
5: “If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever.”

Quotes about lack-of-friendship:
1: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”

Quotes about lack-of-love:
1: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”

Quotes about marriage:
1: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”

Quotes about unhappy-marriage:
1: “It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”

Quotes about contentment:
1: “Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.”

Quotes about fate:
1: “Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”

Quotes about misattributed-john-lennon:
1: “Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”

Quotes about planning:
1: “Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”

Quotes about plans:
1: “Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.”

Quotes about poetry:
1: “I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.”

Quotes about happiness:
1: “For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.”

Quotes about attributed-no-source:
1: “If you judge people, you have no time to love them.”
2: “A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.”
3: “I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.”

Quotes about religion:
1: “Anyone who thinks sitting in church can make you a Christian must also think that sitting in a garage can make you a car.”
2: “I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.”

Quotes about comedy:
1: “Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”

Quotes about yourself:
1: “Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.”
2: “Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.”

Quotes about children:
1: “If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.”
2: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”

Quotes about fairy-tales:
1: “If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.”

Quotes about imagination:
1: “Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.”

Quotes about music:
1: “One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.”
2: “If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.”

Quotes about learning:
1: “The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”
2: “Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”

Quotes about reading:
1: “The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”
2: “We read to know we're not alone.”
3: “A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”
4: “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”
5: “What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”
6: “′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.”
7: “I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.”

Quotes about seuss:
1: “The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.”

Quotes about dumbledore:
1: “Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?”
2: “It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.”

Quotes about misattributed-to-mother-teresa:
1: “Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.”

Quotes about death:
1: “To the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.”
2: “The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.”
3: “I'm the one that's got to die when it's time for me to die, so let me live my life the way I want to.”

Quotes about chocolate:
1: “All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.”

Quotes about food:
1: “All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.”

Quotes about misattributed-to-c-s-lewis:
1: “We read to know we're not alone.”

Quotes about knowledge:
1: “Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”

Quotes about understanding:
1: “Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”

Quotes about wisdom:
1: “Any fool can know. The point is to understand.”

Quotes about library:
1: “I have always imagined that Paradise will be a kind of library.”
2: “I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.”

Quotes about read:
1: “A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”

Quotes about readers:
1: “A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”

Quotes about reading-books:
1: “A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.”

Quotes about tea:
1: “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”

Quotes about girls:
1: “If you can make a woman laugh, you can make her do anything.”

Quotes about hope:
1: “Only in the darkness can you see the stars.”
2: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about attributed:
1: “Do one thing every day that scares you.”

Quotes about fear:
1: “Do one thing every day that scares you.”

Quotes about inspiration:
1: “Do one thing every day that scares you.”

Quotes about thought:
1: “If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.”

Quotes about misattributed-to-einstein:
1: “The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.”

Quotes about drug:
1: “He's like a drug for you, Bella.”

Quotes about romance:
1: “He's like a drug for you, Bella.”

Quotes about novelist-quotes:
1: “There is no friend as loyal as a book.”

Quotes about alcohol:
1: “That's the problem with drinking, I thought, as I poured myself a drink. If something bad happens you drink in an attempt to forget; if something good happens you drink in order to celebrate; and if nothing happens you drink to make something happen.”

Quotes about the-hunger-games:
1: “You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.”

Quotes about bilbo:
1: “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Quotes about journey:
1: “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Quotes about lost:
1: “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Quotes about quest:
1: “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Quotes about travel:
1: “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Quotes about wander:
1: “Not all those who wander are lost.”

Quotes about live-death-love:
1: “Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.”

Quotes about good:
1: “There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.”

Quotes about writing:
1: “There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.”
2: “What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”
3: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”

Quotes about regrets:
1: “Finish each day and be done with it. You have done what you could. Some blunders and absurdities no doubt crept in; forget them as soon as you can. Tomorrow is a new day. You shall begin it serenely and with too high a spirit to be encumbered with your old nonsense.”

Quotes about education:
1: “I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.”

Quotes about troubles:
1: “I have heard there are troubles of more than one kind. Some come from ahead and some come from behind. But I've bought a big bat. I'm all ready you see. Now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!”

Quotes about open-mind:
1: “The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.”

Quotes about authors:
1: “What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”

Quotes about literature:
1: “What really knocks me out is a book that, when you're all done reading it, you wish the author that wrote it was a terrific friend of yours and you could call him up on the phone whenever you felt like it. That doesn't happen much, though.”

Quotes about insanity:
1: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”

Quotes about lies:
1: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”

Quotes about lying:
1: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”

Quotes about self-indulgence:
1: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”

Quotes about truth:
1: “The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.”
2: “A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.”
3: “The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.”
4: “Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.”

Quotes about beatles:
1: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about connection:
1: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about dreamers:
1: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about dreaming:
1: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about dreams:
1: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about peace:
1: “You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one. I hope someday you'll join us. And the world will live as one.”

Quotes about sinister:
1: “I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally. ”

Quotes about mistakes:
1: “Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.”

Quotes about romantic:
1: “A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.”

Quotes about women:
1: “A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.”

Quotes about integrity:
1: “Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because he strayed across the path of Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.”

Quotes about elizabeth-bennet:
1: “There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.”

Quotes about jane-austen:
1: “There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well. The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and of the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit or sense.”

Quotes about age:
1: “Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.”

Quotes about fairytales:
1: “Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.”

Quotes about growing-up:
1: “Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.”

Quotes about god:
1: “We are not necessarily doubting that God will do the best for us; we are wondering how painful the best will turn out to be.”

Quotes about misattributed-mark-twain:
1: “A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.”

Quotes about christianity:
1: “I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.”

Quotes about faith:
1: “I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.”

Quotes about sun:
1: “I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.”

Quotes about adventure:
1: “To die will be an awfully big adventure.”

Quotes about better-life-empathy:
1: “You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view... Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.”

Quotes about difficult:
1: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”

Quotes about grown-ups:
1: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”

Quotes about write:
1: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”

Quotes about writers:
1: “You have to write the book that wants to be written. And if the book will be too difficult for grown-ups, then you write it for children.”

Quotes about mind:
1: “... a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.”

